Transfusional behaviors have radically changed and there has been a distinct shift towards
less transfusion and not just in regard of weightlessness, patience of course, but all
the world because there is increasing evidence that reduced transfusions means better outcome.
It's a matter of education. I think this sort of event, this sort of interview even has
the meaning of spreading evidence and knowledge that the transfusion is not necessary and
when possible should be avoided. So it's not unusual to come back after a very complex
operation, after having struggled not to transfuse during the operation, just discovering
that the patient has been transfused to two blood units during now by the shift anesthesiologist
just because it was sort of empty. So I picked the two blood units and gave you. This is
something we are really trying to avoid, but it's a matter of education. Unfortunately, I've
perceived that the transfusion rate dramatically increases with the decrease of the professionalism.
We apply everything we know all together with the patients to younger patients, but I have to
say that the resources of a young body are really magic. So they can withstand low level of
amalgamant without problem and they are so faster in recovery than the age of patients. So
it's not much of a problem nowadays. Yes, absolutely. Witnesses, patients do care about
lifelike and do love lifelike. Any other patient is just that they prefer to avoid transfusion
and this must be respected.